I was a bit hard.
He was there.
I thought, go on.
I was trying to tell you, but I...
He dropped himself in there.
I've come to make sure you haven't said anything.
Oh, no.
We said it before.
Has he only just come back in?
Yes.
No, he mentioned your century.
No.
Harry was very easy to back with.
Because he said yes
or no, and that was it.
Yeah.
He ran me out a few times, I think.
I think I ran him out as well.
On your call, probably.
I think Harry wants him and Jim Turnbull argued in the middle of the wicket.
Is that right?
Because who was to go out?
You and Jim Turnbull.
You were both in the middle of the wicket and didn't know who was to go out.
I seem to remember once.
Big argument.
Who won?
Oh, Harry.
Jim was too nice. Jim would give it.
Yeah.
We didn't have the depth, though, did we, back then,
to what modern crickets had here?
You know, since...
It could be sometimes sort of four or five out all out.
Yeah.
Obviously, my God, we've had better teams
ever since when you were on-point
than we had in our playing time.
Oh, yes, definitely, because we played at a higher standard.
You know, like the...
Rob Kinsey,
the two Davises, Mark Lloyd,
the other...
Jonathan and Joe Davis bowling.
Good players coming in,
like Andrew coming in at number six
in that side.
That's your son, or John's son?
No, John's son coming in at number six,
and Gareth coming in at number seven.
That was a formidable batting side.
And they...
Yes, that was a very good side, that side.
Not as good now as then.
Oh, no.
The team now is not very good at all.
Is it not?
And yet, they...
Still enjoyable to watch.
Yeah.
And we're playing at a level where we can manage.
You're still in the first division, though, of the shop show.
Yes, just about.
Yeah.
But we're nowhere near the best.
And it's ups and downs.
Not as much depth, then?
No, well, no.
So when would be the best?
Hardly any good players at all.
So when would be the best? In the mid-90s?
Which, when we won the league in 98.
Mid-90s, I think.
When was the one time we won it before?
Ninety...
We won it in 98, I know we won it in 98.
That was the time we played Welsh ball.
In the final game.
In the early 90s, then, I don't believe.
It was early 90s, we won it before.
We were consistently good in those days.
Yes, you were never through our bat.
With good cricketers.
Oh, and Tim Swanson, I didn't mention Tim.
Because he was a good bat.
But, er...
But since there's no cricket in schools now...
No, it's a problem.
That's a problem.
Can I suggest, gentlemen, we just take a break at half point?
I think we're about to run out of tape.
So, we'll have a little break.
Ryan, you want to go fairly soon?
Well, I'm alright with that.
Yeah, I'm difficulty driving in the Japanese IT, I think.
Well, after all the fuck.
Perhaps there's a hard image to live up to,
knowing that something was going to blow.
You alright, John?
And the realisation, and the alternative out of it.
Would you think of Ryan?
What Ryan?
It's amazing, isn't it?
Did they get to it, did they?
You never know what they'd be in a place like this.
Well, put it like this.
Ian's ready, Ian's ready.
Right, OK.
So, it starts on a slightly different tack, actually.
Before I get going, can I just check how people are for time?
No, Brian, you said...
Well, I'll be alright in a few minutes.
What time's it now?
My eyes are terrible, driving in the dark.
It's gone, my eyes have gone...
I thought it was half past three, I was hoping to go through till about four.
Yeah, well, it's not dark till half past four,
so I can get some of the way.
Right.
I just saw the one was coming away from the cricket for a little while.
I wanted to ask a bit about
memories of the social side of playing
and all of that, really.
What happened after the game?
And the stories?
Well, all I know is that
Roy Davis had to get up before his dad on a Sunday morning
to take the grass from his bumpers.
Because if we would go,
we'd go to Newtown and we'd go to the back roads
to avoid the police.
There was a breath laser and everything like that.
But of course, we didn't quite stay on the road all the time.
But he had to get up
to take the grass away from the bumpers on his mini.
Before his dad saw it.
Otherwise, look at him.
He was walking his next time.
We used to have a bus
We used to have a bus.
We're going back to the 50s now.
Not everybody had a car.
A lot of people didn't have cars.
We had a bus.
We'd do a bit of a tour.
Quite often, in the way back,
in Condova, we used to go to the two pubs in Condova.
But wherever we were playing in Shropshire,
the Beacon
near the bypassing shoes
was one of our favorite places.
Because it had a piano.
Glintanner was a superb singer.
His brother Ivor ran a band.
And Glint was the singer with the band.
And Glint would have a few weeks to sing all night.
And we used to go to the Beacon quite regularly.
And the clientele used to love us there.
The...
Went there one day.
There was new land out there.
Didn't like it.
Hushed us out.
Went back.
The next week, thinking we'd try and persuade him,
he'd sold the piano.
End of Glint's singing.
End of Glint's singing there.
But up at the...
Is it the Compass in Weston Hill?
Yeah, the first one.
The Glintanner. People used to stop singing when Glint started.
Did you listen to it?
Lovely tenor voice.
They were all musical, the Tanners, weren't they?
Arthur, Bernard and particularly Ivor
with his band.
Glint had also the longest repertoire
of dirty jokes.
We went to play...
We went to play, I think it was...
Three hours.
We went to play...
The other side of Shoesby somewhere.
And we came back to the pub on the bypass
that no longer exists.
What was it? Where you turned?
The grapes.
No, no.
On the old bypass, where you turned into Shoesby.
What was the name of it?
Never mind.
The Oak.
The Oak, yeah. We went back to the Oak.
And Glintanners told jokes for two and a half hours.
And never rebuked himself.
No.
Because...
Amazing character, wasn't he?
I used to say to him,
I'm on earth to remember them.
And he used to say, well, one triggers, one...
He couldn't just get going.
You couldn't say, come on, tell us your jokes.
It's something that happened.
He'd start telling jokes.
We'd had a couple of pints it out as well.
And having only
one other person like Glint,
they'd tell him jokes.
Who was that?
Another person who loved to sing.
Alan Pilden, by Appid Wales.
Another person who used to like to sing them
was himself with Bishop.
Do you remember the songs he used to sing?
Yeah, he was a good guy.
I don't remember the actual songs.
Don't you? He used to sing Sylvester.
He did too.
He was horrendous for singing Sylvester.
But he wasn't a good singer.
No, he wasn't a good singer at all.
But he had other songs.
I can't remember what they were.
But I remember this Sylvester.
On the field, he was an easygoing character.
Wasn't he?
But when he'd had a few drinks...
Oh, he opened out.
But apparently he's not well.
No, he's well...
Have you been in touch with Selwyn?
Yeah, he's not well, I understand.
It's hard to travel...
Because he went to Elan Valley, didn't he?
He was a date manager at Elan Valley.
He's thinking he still lives in Radon, isn't he?
Yeah, he probably does.
I remember him missing the simplest catch at...
I ever saw he was bowling down here.
The simplest dolly came back to him
off his own bowling.
Everybody was in fits of laughter.
I remember poor old Selwyn.
But he could bat.
He could bat as well when he put his mind to it.
To put his mind to it.
Yeah, good cricketer.
So would you...
I mean, after the games,
perhaps the Chequers or whatever,
would that be a bit of a session?
Could be.
We don't know about any later days.
When you first started, Brian,
we used to go to the Brick, didn't we?
Yeah, then it was the Chequers.
Then the Cottage.
Later again it was the Cottage.
When our boys were little,
we went to the Cottage.
The Cottage was a smashing place.
You were a big drinker, weren't you, at one time?
Fairly big then.
Stopped now.
Robin Olsen was...
You know Robin?
A couple of pints and he'd be...
Unstopped.
Yeah, Robin and I used to go out together.
Very bit.
But going back further,
at the start,
what we haven't mentioned,
Chris will remember, but John,
going back to our early days playing in the 50s,
we sort of straddled an era
because there was still one or two from the 30s,
pre-war players still playing.
Remember Walter Wood?
No, I don't remember Walter.
Hoesma? No, never played with him.
No, didn't.
They used to play in the knockouts.
Oh, in the knockouts, yeah.
They were played for Montgomery then.
Basel and Basel.
I played against Fred Holloway in the knockouts.
The other Harold Davies, Brad they used to call him.
I don't know him.
I know of him, but I can't remember him playing.
They used to umpire a little bit still.
Sid Lewis, do you remember?
I know the name, but I can't remember him playing.
They were still playing a bit.
Really?
Well, in the knockouts, not so much.
I mean, Walter Wood apparently,
he was a master playing with a long outfield
because he used to hit every ball in the air,
drop them between the fielders,
which is clever.
I mentioned in the interview,
but they must have been,
when I first started practice,
there were pads that must have been there since the year dot.
Because they were the ones you know you like,
you see around St. John's with holes down there.
There were some of those still in the pavilion
that must have been there since the first World War time.
Oh, well, there was pads there with only,
you know, used to do them with straps and buckles.
Well, there was a lot of pads there
with only one strap,
no buckles.
And those wind round gloves.
Cigar like gloves.
They had no protect, or little spikes on them.
Or a bit of the padding hanging out.
Did you ever find a picture
of the whole pavilion after John?
I've got, I've got
two or three
really of just
teams sitting in front of the pavilion,
but only being able to see
one window in it, Brian.
Because I had one of the whole thing
and I sent it high and low.
I couldn't find it.
Well, you've got another fortnight, three weeks,
and you've still got to find it, me.
It's got time to go in the new book, but
otherwise...
Because there used to be a store shed out the back,
which is like an ice cream...
Oh, yeah, pulled it up.
It's a bit dodgy in the floor.
It was a thing off a lorry.
That's right.
A canopy off a lorry.
Behind the pavilion in the wood?
Yes.
No, immediately behind the pavilion.
Yes, but the pavilion was in the wood.
Yeah, you've got the pavilion.
Was it in the wood?
Yes.
Two foot behind that pavilion
was this smallish
container, which had a
pull-up roller
that used to keep the moor in there.
Well, you used to go down on a Sunday morning, didn't you?
Yeah.
And there were
terrible toilets at the back as well.
Bottle of trains digging the holes for them.
The one for the ladies was a diabolical thing
and the one for the men was even worse.
Metals.
The text sheet, was it? Corrugation?
Wouldn't do today.
Health and safety would be better.
Today, they shut us down.
Gradually,
we didn't have as many people, got more cars.
Everybody travelled in cars.
I grew
a tradition
with me that I
took my car.
Ed Williams and Graham Tuffin
travelled with me.
And as my boys
grew up, they learnt to drive
on the farm tractor or the farm van.
They never drove the car.
But on a Saturday,
one of them was playing,
he was allowed to drive the car
because he would drive us back.
We'd never pass the
Banses Bob.
And we used to tour around Shropshire
and I'd never, there was a serious accident
on the bypass
one day.
Three Montgomery cricketers absolutely
disgraced themselves by getting out of the car
and going into somebody's garden and
relieving themselves.
And when we came back, they had gone.
He was about a hundred yards down the road
because we had to run.
You can't name a machine, can you?
During that time, we played at Harcourt
once and stuck at
Puppet Shawbury on the way back,
because it was near Shawbury, wasn't it?
And I was with Roger, your brother,
and everybody went and left us there.
Yeah, I remember your brother.
I got home, I had to come back
to fetch you.
You were standing on the side of the road.
You got a lift into Shrewsbury.
I ran, I came back
to Shrewsbury to fetch you.
No, you went on the bus to Shrewsbury, did you?
You came all the way back from home.
Yeah, we left Roger and me there.
We got a bus into Shrewsbury
from Shawbury.
And then you had to come and fetch
some shrewsbury from Ardell or something.
Yeah, that's right.
Why were you there? You weren't chasing women or
something? No, no, nothing like that.
They were big mates, him and all.
Well, he was my best man.
The other, like
nearer now, I had one horrendous
incident. We went to play
in Rosely.
And it was
let me think.
Neil Tuffing travel with me anyway.
I don't know how many years ago, 20 years.
Twenty-four.
We came, it was rained off.
Just before tea.
So we had our tea in Rosely and went straight in the park.
Stopped there, we came back.
Stopped in Shrewsbury.
Stopped in the Cocker Brockton.
Got back and
ran into Jackson. But we also had some
I was eloquent, he was doing, he did
some refreshments for us, I think. So we had some
refreshments, which actually saved my bacon
because when Don
rode on the
corner before
and Donning, I went with
him.